Check directions routes (#6004)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features

#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - :warning: Added checks to `DirectionsRoute` and `NavigationRoute` mappers which restrict to map `NavigationRoute` to `DirectionsRoute` and vice versa for some new Directions API features (for now it's EV routing), because original `DirectionsRoute` response requires these kinds of features but one is missing due to mapping process. [#6004](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6004)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- :warning: Added checks to `DirectionsRoute#toNavigationRoute` and `NavigationRoute#toDirectionsRoute` mappers which restrict mapping `NavigationRoute` to `DirectionsRoute` and vice versa for some Directions API features and properties (currently including only preview EV routing features), because the `DirectionsRoute` cannot carry information necessary to support turn-by-turn navigation when these features are enabled. If you are using EV routing preview feature, make sure to only interact with `MapboxNavigation#requestRoutes(RouteOptions, NavigationRouterCallback)`, `MapboxNavigation#setNavigationRoutes(List<NavigationRoute>)`, and equivalent `NavigationRoute` APIs. [#6004](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6004)
```

Not a blocker for the PR (to save a CI cycle) but @tomaszrybakiewicz @MrSwimmer please adjust the final changelog entry when cutting the release.

Author: addressed

#### Bug fixes and improvements
- Made `rerouteController` argument in `MapboxNavigation#setRerouteController` nullable. Null can be passed to disable automatic rerouting. [#5977](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5977)

> - :warning: Added checks to `DirectionsRoute` and `NavigationRoute` mappers that restricts to map `NavigationRoute` to `DirectionsRoute` and vice versa for some new Directions API features (for now it's EV routing), because original `DirectionsRoute` response requires for these kind of features but one is missing through mapping process. [#6004](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/6004)

Reviewer 2: > Added checks to `DirectionsRoute` and `NavigationRoute` mappers

Maybe specify the methods? It's not really clear what mappers you're talking about. Or sth like "`DirectionsRoute`-to-`NavigationRoute` mapper (and the opposite one)".

that restricts -> that restrict

requires for these kind -> requires this kind

missing through -> missing due to?

Author: thanks, fixed
